---
layout: post
title: Real Time Memory Editor (Retail PS4)
---

My main objective in PS4 was to develop a software that allows me to edit and modify the game meory to create game modifications and cheats.
This software it's very similar to those used on PS3 (ps3tmapi for debug consoles and ccapi for retail consoles) and is based on the *ptrace* syscall that in the PS4 corresponds with the syscall number 26.

This software runs under the WebKit exploit released by cTurt and allow to execute unsigned code with privileges. This exploit also enables write protection and disable the ASLR (Address Space Layout Randomization) used to randomize the base address each time a process is created. With ASLR dissabled all games start at 0x400000 (Thansk to ZiL0G80).

To avoid download game updates each time it is started, the exploit also spoofed the PS4 version (Thanks to zecoxao).

The payload conects with the computer with IP 192.168.1.38 and port 4321 from where the read and write orders are sended.

How to use it
----

First of all, it's necesary execute the server on the computer (if the server is the precompiled version you will have to change the computer IP to 192.168.1.38). When the server its running it will be waiting for the cPS4 conection.

To send the payload to the PS4 run the following command:

```bash
nc -w 3 PS4_IP 9023 < Debugger-Payload.bin
```

With the PS4 connected, it's necessary the game process name to start the debugging porcess. Most process game names are *eboot.bin* but there are other such as Call of Duty Ghost whose name is *default_mp.elf*.

If the game name has been correctly written will appeared the console indicator '>' and to get the console commands just write *help*.

Commands
----

Here are the supported commands:

- Reed memory: r 0x*Offset*
- Write memory: w 0x*Offset* 0x*Value*
- Search forward: u 0x*Offset* 0x*Value* (Will search between Offset and Offset+0x1000)
- Search backward: d  0x*Offset* 0x*Value* (Will search between Offset and Offset+0x1000)
- New process: p process_name

Here some Call of Duty Ghosts offsets (version 1.00):

```
Name: 0x1F0F29C
Principal weapon: 0x1F0C26C
Secondary weapon: 0x1F0C270
Enable fps: 0x81B09A Enable: 80 78 10 01
Primary Ammo: 0x1f0c454
Primary FullAmmo: 0x1f0c3d4
Primary Cammo: 0x1F0C26D
Primary Accesory: 0x1F0C26E
Secondary Ammo: 0x1f0c460
Secondary FullAmmo: 0x1f0c3dc
Tactical Granade Ammo: 0x1f0c43c
Special Granade Ammo: 0x1f0c448
```

Demo working on COD Ghosts 1.00:
<center>
	<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="es"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Mini Demo RTE/RTM Tool in PS4 (COD Ghosts) 😊 <a href="https://t.co/D01gTlk6oM">pic.twitter.com/D01gTlk6oM</a></p>&mdash; j0lama (@j0lama) <a href="https://twitter.com/j0lama/status/841418515110350848?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">13 de marzo de 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</center>

Important
----
Thanks to @TheoryWrong for answer all my noob questions.
This is only a little demo and probably it will have a lot of bugs.

Download
----
The source code has been released on my GitHUb account: [Download](https://github.com/j0lama/PS4-Real-Time-Memory-Editor).